Added copyright message to docs (#791)
ManimCommunity/manim: docs/source/index.rst

information here will make it easier for newcomers to get started using
``Manim``.

> .. tip:: All content of the docs are under MIT license. Especially for the examples you encounter:
> Feel free to use this code in your own projects!
> 

Reviewer: Directives (`::`) should usually be written with a newline after `::`, followed by an indented block.

```suggestion
.. tip:: 

    All content of the docs is licensed under the MIT license. Especially for the examples
    you encounter: Feel free to use this code in your own projects!

```
